why is kimono one of the best-selling
compact tractors in America it could be
because the grand l60 cab is extremely
spacious with plenty of room to move and
relax but we think you chose Kubota
because we've engineered our new grand L
60 series tractor with you in mind
it offers luxury without standing
productivity something never seen before
in its class big windows a standard rear
defogger and climate control and sure
you can see where you're going
especially in extreme weather conditions
the new and Telep annal keeps you
informed of the status of the engine
transmission and hydraulic functions at
all times
tired of using a hand throttle kabuto
new throttle up switch gives you a boost
of RPM according to your preference on
the n' Telepan easily set the engine
speed needed for loader work when
required while enhancing fuel efficiency
in reducing engine noise for more
comfort during the workday all that
powers delivered via your choice of
three state-of-the-art transmissions
feel the change of speed with the fully
synchronized shuttle transmissions that
deliver economical on-the-move shifting
of eight forward and eight reverse gears
eight not enough
Kubota z' exclusive glide shift
transmission has 12 speeds that are
electronically controlled by the
hydraulic shifting system and include
menu
you'll think you're driving the family
car last but not least Capone is unique
HST plus hydrostatic transmission lets
you tackle any task with ease and smooth
efficiency regardless of the working
conditions or operator expertise the
transmission is operated by a floor
mounted treadle pedal simply push the
toe pedal to go forward and they heel
pedal to reverse removing your foot from
the pedal automatically brings the
tractor to a stop thanks to the
autothrottle advance button the HST
pedal and engine throttle are linked
synchronizing tractor speed and engine
revolution this greatly simplifies
operation it helps reduce fuel
consumption all you need to do is turn
the autothrottle advance on and off with
a push of a button and depress the HST
pedal to control tractor speed and
engine revolutions this is extremely
handy when moving between locations or
towing equipment but with grande al 60
power comes great responsibility
that's why Kubota has adopted clean
emission common-rail direct injection
engine technology this system
electronically controls the timing and
provides multiple injections resulting
in a cleaner and more efficient burn
this leading edge technology lowers the
environmental impact and reduces
emissions to further reduce exhaust
emissions the grand L 16 corporates a
diesel oxidation catalyst and a diesel
particulate filter in an expertly
designed assembly this filtering system
converts exhaust fumes into harmless
gases while trapping and destroying
emission particles this emission system
produces less noise and delivers
outstanding fuel economy all well
maintain the high level of power and
torque
you need and the grand l60 meets tier 4
EPA regulations
let's talk front loaders designed to
match the performance of the Grand Ale
60 series the front motor features a new
grill that is built closer to the
tractor to increase the loader range and
also provide easy access to the engine
with an impressive lift capacity and
lift height
Kubota built for the best things in life